>>>> Candidate Tracking

//todo: 
				set default user role to candidate (upon creation) => done
				allow users to edit their own user profiles => done
				write some tests (to test Users, their Abilities and Opportunities)
				implement applikations
				Indicate to what Opportunities Applicants have applied
				List the Applicants who have applied to a particular Opportunity
					<for the above two problems, "has and belongs to many"
				standardize nounage (pick one \:) "Candidates" or "Applicants"
				
//thoughts:
				Applikations are going to be a copy of an Applicant at the time the
				Applikation was made with a boolean viewable attribute and a foreign key
				linking the Applikation to an Opportunity; Applicants will be able to
				create and withdraw Applikations; after withdrawing, the Applikation
				will will remain in the Applikations table (for Admins' and Recruiters'
				future reference) and the Applicant will be unable to reapply to the
				Opportunity
				*Opportunities should indicate "Applied" if an Candidate applied to it
					and "Withdrawn" if an Applicant withdrew from the Opportunity
				*When an Opportunity is "Filled," the Opportunity should indicate such
					and should only be viewable by Admins, Recruiters and Applicants
					who've already applied to the Opportunity

>> Purpose

Candidate Tracking's purpose is enabling small organizations the ability to manage and organize potential Candidates (for example, employees or members).

>> Users

Candidate Tracking has three basic types of users, as follows: an Administrator, a Tracker and a Candidate.

> An Administrator has the ability to create, read, update and delete Trackers as well as select the fields that all Candidates will be required to complete (for example, Name, CoverLetter, Resume and Location).  An Administrator will further have the ability to restrict the Trackers in their posting ability (for example, an Administrator of an organization doing business strictly out of Chicago, Illinois, United States can restrict Trackers from selecting London, England when posting Opportunities).  Administrators will additionally have all the abilities offered to both Trackers and Candidates.  Additionally, an Administrator may re-assign opportunities to a different Tracker.  Future functionality may enable the Administrator to CRUD new fields.

> A Tracker has the ability to create, read, update and delete opportunities.  Additionally, a Tracker may select certain fields as being required to be filled out by Candidates in excess of what the Administrator already requires (for example, if the Administrator requires a Name, Resume and Location, a Tracker can additionally required a CoverLetter).  Once an opportunity is created, it belongs to the Tracker who created it; however, an Administrator may opt to update ownership of an opportunity (this ability is not given to the individual Trackers).  For sake of responsibility, a Candidate will belong to a Tracker when applying to an opportunity owned by a given Tracker.  Additionally, a tracker will have all the abilities offered to candidates.

> A Candidate has the ability to create, read, update and delete their information as well as apply to opportunities.  A Candidates information will consist of (for example) their name, their address, their phone number, a resume, up to three cover letters and up to three other documents (for example, references or a writing sample).  In addition to being able to apply to opportunities, Candidates will be able to withdraw their application from opportunities.  By withdrawing, Candidates remove themselves from consideration for an opportunity; however, their application to the opportunity (as well as the information used to apply to the opportunity) is still known to Trackers and Administrators.